License Plate:
If you look at the rudder of your ship and press SHIFT+E you can name it so everyone can see it's your ship.

More Pins
The map have been enhanced with many more different pins.\nThe standard pins are still there as well but coloured.

CustomRaids
The raids you can get on your base is not always the ones you've seen before. *hint* *hint*

DualWield
You can now dual wield and not only weapons but also tools.\nTry holding two axes and do a special attack (middle mouse) and see how quickly you can chop down a tree.

Instant Monster loot
It's annoying to hit a creature and see it glide down a hillside before despawning so you can loot it.\nWell, fear not! All creatures despawn and now drop their loot the instant they're killed!

Itemstand all item
The item stands can hold next to every item in the game now so go nuts decorating with whatever you can come up with.

Groups & Guilds
If you play on a server with many players you can add friends, make a guild and make a group. Whichever suits you best.]\nGuilds and Friends are added through the UI when pressing TAB ingame, Groups need an /invite [playername] in chat.

World Size
The world is not locked to one size any more. Make the world 2x, 4x or 16 larger. Just remember to add the extra amount of places to find or it will feel empty.

PlantEverything
You can plant a lot more things now, some added and some just vanilla plants that didn't allow it before. Planting and harvesting have been made easier as well.

WieldEquipment
Except for the hoe, all weapons and tools can be held and used while in water. Never have to re-equip again just because a wave took you by surprice.

Recycle
So you made some things and now you realize you don't need them? You can now recycle your things at the crafting table used to make them to get some material back.

BuildableBossStone
When you kill a boss and get the trophy you can choose to put it up at spawn or build your own boss stone wherever you like and hang the head there.

Itemhopper
You can make item hoppers and connect to furnaces and more to be able to add more things at a time to be used.\n
Warning! If you leave the area so it get unloaded things might fall out and have to be picked up.

